MTV-1433: Minor changes to migration from CLI section (#589)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/canceling-migration-cli.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="canceling-migration-cli_{context}"]
= Canceling a migration from the CLI

> You can cancel either an entire migration, or the migration of specific virtual machines (VMs), while a migration is in progress from the command line interface (CLI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the command-line interface (CLI) to cancel either an entire migration or the migration of specific virtual machines (VMs) while a migration is in progress.
```
Just a suggestion. But note that command-line should be written with a hyphen per IBM SG :-)

Author: You're right about "command-line interface", but IBM also has "On the command line, enter..." It prefers "command line" unless you need to distinguish the CLI from the UI, as I do here. Just to add a little something...apologies if you knew this already.

----
<1> Specify the name of the `Migration` CR.

.Canceling the migration of specific VMs

. Add the specific VMs to the `spec.cancel` block of the `Migration` manifest:
+

> .Example YAML for cancelling the migrations of two VMs

Reviewer 2: @RichardHoch - This is the only British spelling of *cancelling* you have used

The rest of the time (15x) you have used the US spelling of *canceling*
